---
title:  "580 Stuff"
subtitle: "Where I will add the lab walkthrough"
author: "Adriana Solis"
avatar: "img/authors/adriana.jpg"
image: "img/c.jpg"
date:   12-07-2021
---

## Autobiography

text

## Introduction

text

## Tutorial

### About

Describe the software resource and explain its relevance to your topic. Please include the link to the software resource.

- The software resource that I am looking into is 'WEKA'. [WEKA](https://www.weka.io/) (Waikato Environment for Knowledge Analysis) is a software that contains a collection of different algorithms specific to data mining tasks and tools. These tools are able to be used for data preparation, regression, association rules mining, visualization, clustering, and classification. Given that my topic involves an Economic study of some kind, then this data mining tool will be useful for creating visuals of the significant portions of my data, with the neural networks segment of this tool potentially being able to identify the significance of the data as well.

---

### Features

Outline the main features of the software. Why is this software necessary for your work?

- The main features include "machine learning, data mining, preprocessing, classification, regression, clustering, association rules, attribute selection, experiments, workflow, and visualization" (PAT RESEARCH, *WEKA DATA MINING* 2017). Data mining is the process of finding the patterns and extracting them to predict outcomes using different tools. Machine learning is where machines, using an artificially intelligent system, are able to access data, learn the specifics of the data, and provide an outcome. Data mining, couple with the implementation of machine learning, is what helps sift through large amounts of data without the added expense of doing it manually.

- This software is necessary for my work because it will help me to look through my data to find signifcant conclusions from my study. Preprocessing will be the tool that changes my raw data into a data set. Classification will be the tool that helps to organize large and complicated data sets. Regressions will be the tool that would make numerical predictions based on the knowledge gained by the data sets. Clustering will be the tool that groups parts of the data together based on similarity. Association rules will be the tool that uses machine learning to look for patterns in data in a given data set. Attribute selection will be the tool that reduces the size of the data to streamline the analysis process. The data mining workflow will describe the process of the tools. Visulation is arguably the most important tool for my project, as this will create visual representations of the data through charts, images, charts, and other objects.

---

### Obtaining the resource

Where do you find this software resource? Is it an open source project? an online tool? How do you install it? Are there any libraries that are also necessary to install?

- I found this software resource in one of the articles I looked into for my last assignment. When analyzing data sets using data mining tools, WEKA was referenced many times. As it was used for financial market analysis, I figured this tool could be a software I could look further into. This software is an open source tool that was developed by researchers and scientists at the University of Waikato in New Zealand. As this is an online tool, the platform is independent, meaning that the installation of specific software is not required.

- To download WEKA, you would need to [visit the WEKA information page](https://waikato.github.io/weka-wiki/downloading_weka/), find the installer for your machine, and click on the downloadable executable.

- As mentioned earlier, there are not any libraries that need to be installed prior to the installation of WEKA. WEKA will install all components needed to run, including Java.

---

### Setup

Include steps of all necessary steps to get the software to run (for example, installations). Include the commands to run if necessary.

- To get the software to run, you would need to:
	1. Go to the [WEKA installation page](https://waikato.github.io/weka-wiki/downloading_weka/) and download the executable software.
	2. Once the software is downloaded, launch the installer to start the Set Up wizard. Once you have read the welcome message, click 'Next'.
	3. Once you have read through the licensing agreement, click 'I agree' to continue with the installation.
	4. Specify the type of installation you would like, along with their components. Using a 'Full' installation with all components check is recommended. Once this is chosen, click 'Next'.
	5. Specify the path that WEKA will be installed. This executable will install WEKA directly in the Program Menu of your computer, but you are able to specify a different path if needed. Click 'Next' once it is chosen.
	6. The next step will ask if you want to place the program's shortcut in an existing folder. For simplicity, click 'Install' to create a new folder with the name of the software.
	7. This will start the installation of WEKA and it's components to your computer. Click 'Next' once this is done.
	8. Click 'Finish' to exit the Set Up Wizard.
	9. To run the software application, you would simply search 'WEKA' on your computer's search bard and open the application. This will take you to the GUI for WEKA, where you can then start using the software.

---

### Execution

How do you get the resource ready to use? Are there inputs to know? Please show a step-by-step guide (in a tutorial format) for readying the resource for your work. Include screenshots of successful execution and use of the software.

- There are not any special preparations needed to be able to use the resource.

- Once your software is installed, you should be ready to use it! On the GUI opening message for WEKA, there are different applications options listed:
	- **Simple CLI**, which is a WEKA shell that contains command line, output, and access to classes such as filters and clusters. **Clicking on this option will generate the following:
	- **Explorer**, which contains all the options needed for preprocessing before and after applying algorithms to the data set.
	- **Experimenter**, which is what allows users to run, create, and even modify different components of an experiment on a data set.
	- **Knowledge Flow**, which is the WEKA algorithms shown in a graphical representation. Users can create different workflows to analyze data sets by selecting different components.
	- **Workbench**, which is where all of the GUI's are stored.
- Once a user decides on the different type of data mining tools it wants to implement their data set, they can go ahead and get started with this software!

---

### Helpful resources

Include some of the relevant resources (links, articles, etc.) that you used to write in your tutorial.

- [Software Testing Help](https://www.softwaretestinghelp.com/weka-tutorial/)
- [Weka Wiki](https://waikato.github.io/weka-wiki/downloading_weka/)
- [SourceForge](https://sourceforge.net/projects/weka/)

---

(Did you remember to add your name and GitHub account name and date to the top of this document?)
