---
title:  "About Me"
subtitle: "everything you need to know 🦋"
author: "Adriana Solis"
avatar: "img/authors/adriana.jpg"
image: "img/d.jpg"
date:   11-10-2021 14:08:32
---

### Adriana Solis

Click on the different headings to see my educational, technical, and personal information 😊.

<details>
<summary><b>Educational Background</b></summary>
<br>

<br>
I graduated from Spring Hill High School in May 2019. During my time at Spring Hill, I competed in a variety of competitions for Accounting, CX Debate, Marching Band, and Solo and Ensemble. I am currently attending Allegheny College with an expected 2023 year graduation and am pursuing a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science and Economics. During my time at Allegheny, I was able to form a variety of professional and technical skills in relation to the field of computer science and economics. In one of my courses, I was able to add on to my interpersonal professional skills, as I learned more about the framework, introductory timelines, and format of software engineering. I also had the opportunity to work on a department-wide project, GatorMiner.
</details>

_______________________________________________________________________________

<details>
<summary><b>Technical Background</b></summary>
<br>

<br>
My technical background involves data analysis, debugging, GitHub flow framework, linting, and the implementation of complex programs using Python and Java. I intend to expand on these tools and languages in my future line of work. Given my course and technical background, I am currently looking for positions that are in the field of Software Engineering or Data Analysis.
</details>

_______________________________________________________________________________

<details>
<summary><b>Personal Life</b></summary>
<br>

<br>
Outside of my life at college, I spend time with friends, drink way too much coffee, and get occasionally attacked by my cat, Frankie. I also currently intern remotely at First Bank of the Lake, a bank in Missouri. This type of work gives me an insight into the mechanisms behind loan processes, data processing, and other professional skills. I am also involved in a variety of clubs on campus, which includes the International Club as their Secretary, Women in Business and Economics as their Social Chair, Allegheny ESports as their Personal Relations Chair, Allegheny Student Government as a Student Proxy, and Wind Symphony as a Performing Ensemble Member.
</details>

_______________________________________________________________________________
