---
title:  "Extracurriculars"
subtitle: "Clubs and Other Experiences"
author: "Adriana Solis"
avatar: "img/authors/adriana.jpg"
image: "img/f.jpg"
date:   12-05-2021
---

### Summary

This page serves to show the variety of different clubs, job experiences, professional experiences, awards, scholarships, and other extracurriculars that I participated in from May 2019 to present.

### Clubs

During my time at Allegheny, I was able to join a variety of clubs that contributed to my varied interests. For most of these clubs, I was a long-standing member, but there are a certain few that I was given the opportunity to become more than a member. For these clubs, I was elected to the board, where I was able to provide a variety of different events, meetings, and activities to the community at Allegheny. For more information on my role in the club, please click on the club name for more information.

<details>
<summary>Click here for more information: <b><u>International Club at Allegheny</u></b></summary>
<br>
<b>Description:</b>
The purpose of this club is to promote and spread awareness of international cultures to the Allegheny College campus. For this club, I was elected as their Secretary, of which my duties consisted of:
<ul>
<li>managing the club email</li>
<li>attending weekly board meetings</li>
<li>attend monthly general meetings</li>
<li>write meeting minutes</li>
<li>manage the shared google drive folder</li>
<li>send out emails to club members about upcoming events and deadlines</li>
<li>extra duties as needed</li>
</ul>
<br>
Throughout my time on the board of this club, I have helped plan, manage, and send out information on the following events:
<ul>
<li>international fashion show</li>
<li>international cooking event</li>
<li>event meetings</li>
<li>international open mic night</li>
</ul>
<br>
For the next semester, this club is planning the following events:
<ul>
<li>international bazaar</li>
<li>international formal</li>
<li>international open mic night</li>
</ul>
<br>

<br>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Click here for more information: <b><u>Women in Business and Economics</u></b></summary>
<br>
<b>Description:</b>
This club, which was founded in 2020, was formed with the sole purpose of shedding light on the issues that women in the fields of business and economic experience. For this club, I was elected to the position of Social Chair, where my duties consisted of the following:
<ul>
<li>managing social accounts, such as instagram and linkedin</li>
<li>create different layouts and graphics for posts</li>
<li>utilize Canva and other digital editing softwares to create different social media posts and stories</li>
<li>analyze different follower and interaction patterns</li>
<li>attend weekly board meetings</li>
<li>attend general meetings</li>
<li>advertise the events and meetings to other club members</li>
</ul>
<br>
Throughout my time in this club, I have helped plan and organize the following events:
<ul>
<li>open mic night with painting</li>
<li>general meetings</li>
<li>event meetings</li>
</ul>
<br>
For the next semester, this club will be hosting the following events:
<ul>
<li>zoom meetings with Alumni</li>
<li>resume workshop with the Department of Business and Economics</li>
<li>mixer for club members and other members of the department</li>
<li>open mic night</li>
</ul>
<br>

<br>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Click here for more information: <b><u>Allegheny ESports</u></b></summary>
<br>
<b>Description:</b>
The purpose of this club is to provide a competitive and friendly community for video game enjoyers. My position for this club is the Personal Relations Chair, where my duties consist of the following:
<ul>
<li>work with the club President to redesign the club website</li>
<li>document the progress of the club through a variety of different social media accounts</li>
<li>attend specialized meetings with the club President as needed</li>
<li>solve technical problems as needed</li>
</ul>
<br>
Throughout my time on this club, I have worked with the club President to provide an outline of the redesign of the club website. As the production of the website needs to have consensus among the other board members, the majority of my duties will be conducted in the upcoming semester.
<br>

<br>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Click here for more information: <b><u>Pre-Law Club</u></b></summary>
<br>
<b>Description:</b>
This club's purpose is to provide instances for individuals to learn about the field of law and explore potential careers in law. My position was as Secretary, where my duties consisted of the following:
<ul>
<li>handle the club email account</li>
<li>attend general and board meetings</li>
<li>write out the meeting minutes</li>
</ul>
<br>
As this club meets as new opportunities arise, the majority of our events centered around meetings with Alumni.
<br>

<br>
</details>

### Job Experiences

Outside of Allegheny, I was able to have a variety of different work experiences. Though the following positions do not document the total amount of positions I have held, they are the positions that are most pertinent to my chosen field of studies.

<details>
<summary>Click here for more information: <b><u>GGL Lender Intern</u></b></summary>
<br>
<b>Description:</b>
This is a remote banking position where I am currently able to work with in different departments in the lending industry. Through this internship, I was able to gain a first-hand experience of the small-business lending environment. I also had the opportunity to have different mentors, have a professional connection with executives within the lending division, have paid cyber safety training, work with other team members, and participate in government guaranteed lending programs. Throughout my time at this company, I was able to work in the PPP (Paycheck Protection Program) department, the Document Manager department, the Customer Service department, the Insurance department, and the Forgiveness department.
<br>

<br>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Click here for more information: <b><u>Technical Leader</u></b></summary>
<br>
<b>Description:</b>
This position is a campus position where I am currently able to technical support to other students on their course assignments. Through this position, I am able to interact with my Professors and other technical leaders in a professional environment while discussing sensitive information. I have the opportunity to work with students (ranging from a variety of different course level computer science classes) to offer assistance on class readings, class lab assignments, class practical assignments, and class final projects. I am also able utilize Discord features (such as voice channels) to help out students virtually in cases where my office hours are conducted remotely.
<br>

<br>
</details>

### Professional Experiences

Throughout my time at Allegheny, I was able to participate in a lot of different events and other experiences. These opportunities helped me to solidify my commitment to my respective majors, as well as allow me to be better involved in the community of professional individuals that I will be joining once I graduate. For more information on the information listed below, please click on the name of the event.

<details>
<summary>Click here for more information: <b><u>The Econ Games 2020-2021</u></b></summary>
<br>
<b>Description:</b>
The Econ Games is a rigorous economics competition for undergraduate students, where the goal is to incorporate topics and skills from Economics to solve real-world problems. For this event, I participated in a team to solve a predetermined 'real-world' problem. We looked through hundreds of data files and sheets to create a solution to this problem. Since this event was online for this year, our team also had to record our analysis of the data virtually.
<br>

<br>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Click here for more information: <b><u>Finance and Facilities Committee</u></b></summary>
<br>
<b>Description:</b>
This committee was a position that I was appointed to by the Allegheny Student Government. As a committee member, I attend weekly meetings with other members of the community, vote on committee issues, and help determine the decisions put forth for this community. This committee's principle function is to participate in the determination of general financial and facilities planning policy for the College and to serve as a liaison between Administration, Faculty, and Staff on financial matters.
<br>

<br>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Click here for more information: <b><u>Women in Economics Symposium</u></b></summary>
<br>
<b>Description:</b>
event info here.
<br>

<br>
</details>

### Awards and Scholarships

Due to my involvement in certain clubs and other activities, I was able to apply for different scholarships and interscholastic events. Though most of these awards and scholarships were awarded based on merit, the following were awarded through a rigorous selection process or through multiple competitions. For more information on each award or scholarship, please click on the name of the award.
<details>
<summary>Click here for more information: <b><u>HSF Scholar 2021-2022</u></b></summary>
<br>
<b>Description:</b>
details here.
<br>

<br>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Click here for more information: <b><u>Band Scholarship</u></b></summary>
<br>
<b>Description:</b>
description here.
<br>

<br>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Click here for more information: <b><u>UIL Texas State Medalist in Accounting</u></b></summary>
<br>
<b>Description:</b>
details here.
<br>

<br>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Click here for more information: <b><u>UIL Texas State Participant for CX Debate</u></b></summary>
<br>
<b>Description:</b>
details here.
<br>

<br>
</details>

### Outside Extracurricular Activities

Outside of academic, club, and work involvements, I am able to participate in a lot of different activities. Though most of these activities involve my family, the couch, and a really good B-rated movie, I still find time for my other passions. Most of my outside passions center around one interest: music. For more information on the following positions, please click on the name of the position.

<details>
<summary><details>
<summary>Click here for more information: <b><u>Secretary of Choirs</u></b></summary>
<br>
<b>Description:</b>
info here.
<br>

<br>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Click here for more information: <b><u>Co-Director of Musicians</u></b></summary>
<br>
<b>Description:</b>
info here.
<br>

<br>
</details>
